# Codefundo2k19

## Our Solution

We aim at identifying the best suited probable points for setting up a secure electronic voting system. Our model would be enforcing the key principles of **reliability** , **transparency** and **accuracy**. Also, Smart contracts can be deployed in lieu of Trusted Third Party (TTP) to felicitate conflict-free e-voting avoiding the services of middle man.

The following would be the integral parts of our e-voting system:

   **A. Watchdog organization**

   - Holds voter information and should determine voter validity.
   - Should not expose voter information to any other party.


   **B. Smart Contracts**

   - Distributed and immutable.
   - Validate voters at the time of voting.
   - Acts as an agent between the watchdog organization and the voters.
   - The anonymity of voter information to prevent potential manipulation of votes.
   

   **C. Azure Blockchain**

   - Each vote is conceptually equivalent to the asset in blockchain and transaction occurs between a voter and a contestant.
   - Restrict asset to a process maximum of one transaction to potentially prevent multiple votes to the same candidate or voting for multiple contenders.


### Tasks
 
   **A. Before Voting**
 
   - The registration of the voters and contestants with the watchdog organization.
   - The voters will be identified with the unique identification number (UIN) assigned by the watchdog organization after registration.
   - UIN would be used throughout the process to potentially prevent multiple voting. 
   - The contestants would file their nomination with their voter id.
   - A public address would be generated and stored against each of the candidates.

   **B. During Voting** 

   - Verification of the UIN by Smart Contracts with the watchdog organization.
   - With the UIN, an internally hashed reference number will be generated by the Smart Contracts and stored with the vote/asset.
   - A public key generated using the blockchain network will be stored against the reference number of the voter.
   - Restricting the no. of transactions/votes to one between registered voters and the candidates.

   **C. After Voting** 

   - The vote/asset pertaining to a reference number could be changed by the voter before the deadline.
   - After the deadline, Microsoft power BI may be used to prepare the detailed results of the election.

**Our solution explores the potential of the blockchain technology and its usefulness in the e-voting scheme effectuating a more transparent democracy.**
